demisto_sdk/commands/upload/README.md, before:

## Upload

**Upload a content entity to Cortex XSOAR.**

In order to run the command, `DEMISTO_BASE_URL` environment variable should contain the Demisto base URL, and `DEMISTO_API_KEY` environment variable should contain a valid Demisto API Key.
To set the environment variables, run the following shell commands:
```
export DEMISTO_BASE_URL=<YOUR_DESMISTO_BASE_URL>
export DEMISTO_API_KEY=<YOUR_DEMISTO_API_KEY>
```


### Use Cases
This command is used in order to upload content entities to a remote Demisto instance.
Supported content entities:
- Integrations
- Playbooks
- Scripts
- Widgets
- Dashboards
- Incident Types
- Incident Fields
- Indicator Fields
- Indicator Types
- Layouts
- Layouts Container
- Classifiers
- Packs
- Reports

#### Limitation
Uploading classifiers to Cortex XSOAR is available from version 6.0.0 and up.

### Arguments
* **-i <PATH_IN_CONTENT>, --input --<PATH_IN_CONTENT>**

    Where PATH_IN_CONTENT is one of the following:
    1. Pack
    2. Directory inside a pack for example: Playbooks
    3. Directory containing an integration or a script data for example: HelloWorld
    4. Valid file that can be imported to Cortex XSOAR manually For example a playbook: HelloWorld.yml

* **--insecure**

    Skip certificate validation

* **-v, --verbose**

    Verbose output


### Examples
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld/Integrations/HelloWorld/
```
This will create a unified **integration** YML file and will upload it to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld/Scripts/HelloWorldScript
```
This will create a temporary unified file of the `HelloWorldScript` **script** which will be uploaded to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>

```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld/Scripts
```
This will iterate over the **scripts** folder under the `HelloWorld` pack and in turn will create a temporary unified file for each script and upload it to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>

```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld
```
This will iterate over **all content entities** under the pack `HelloWorld` and will and in turn will upload each entity to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>

```
demisto-sdk upload -i Integrations/GoogleCloudTranslate/integration-GoogleCloudTranslate.yml --insecure
```
This will upload the integration YML file `integration-GoogleCloudTranslate.yml` to the Cortex XSOAR instance, **without a certificate validation**.
<br/><br/>
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Integrations/GoogleCloudTranslate/integration-GoogleCloudTranslate.yml --verbose
```
This will upload the integration YML file `integration-GoogleCloudTranslate.yml` to the Cortex XSOAR instance and **print the response returned from the API**.

Commit message:

Upload zipped pack to marketplce (#1345)
* rebase on master

* compile & opload command

* test new api_client

* test new api_client

* test new api_client

* correct the rebase on master

* change the method name to be upload_content_packs

* upgrade depenedency on demisto-py

* mocke the api_client

* demo changes

* improve command

* fix mistake change

* fix isort changes

* fix isort changes

* CR changes v2

* CR changes v3

* change command name to zip-packs

* demo changes

* demo changes

* demo changes

* update the readme

* cr changes

* CR changes

* changelog entry + small change

* additional some CR changes

* update readme

* CR changes

demisto_sdk/commands/upload/README.md, after:

## Upload

**Upload a content entity to Cortex XSOAR.**

In order to run the command, `DEMISTO_BASE_URL` environment variable should contain the Demisto base URL, and `DEMISTO_API_KEY` environment variable should contain a valid Demisto API Key.
To set the environment variables, run the following shell commands:
```
export DEMISTO_BASE_URL=<YOUR_DESMISTO_BASE_URL>
export DEMISTO_API_KEY=<YOUR_DEMISTO_API_KEY>
```


### Use Cases
This command is used in order to upload content entities to a remote Demisto instance.
Supported content entities:
- Integrations
- Playbooks
- Scripts
- Widgets
- Dashboards
- Incident Types
- Incident Fields
- Indicator Fields
- Indicator Types
- Layouts
- Layouts Container
- Classifiers
- Packs
- Zipped packs
- Reports

#### Limitation
Uploading classifiers to Cortex XSOAR is available from version 6.0.0 and up.

### Arguments
* **-i <PATH_IN_CONTENT>, --input --<PATH_IN_CONTENT>**

    Where PATH_IN_CONTENT is one of the following:
    1. Pack
    2. Directory inside a pack for example: Playbooks
    3. Directory containing an integration or a script data for example: HelloWorld
    4. Valid file that can be imported to Cortex XSOAR manually For example a playbook: HelloWorld.yml
    5. Path to zipped pack (may located outside the Content directory)

* **-z, --zip**

    in case a pack was passed in the -i argument - zip the pack before upload

* **--keep-zip <DIRECTORY_FOR_THE_ZIP>**

    in case a pack was passed in the -i argument and -z is used, DIRECTORY_FOR_THE_ZIP is where to store the zip after creation.

* **--insecure**

    Skip certificate validation

* **-v, --verbose**

    Verbose output


### Examples
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld/Integrations/HelloWorld/
```
This will create a unified **integration** YML file and will upload it to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld/Scripts/HelloWorldScript
```
This will create a temporary unified file of the `HelloWorldScript` **script** which will be uploaded to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>

```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld/Scripts
```
This will iterate over the **scripts** folder under the `HelloWorld` pack and in turn will create a temporary unified file for each script and upload it to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>

```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld
```
This will iterate over **all content entities** under the pack `HelloWorld` and will and in turn will upload each entity to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld -z
```
This will zip the pack `HelloWorld` and will upload the zip file `uploadable_packs.zip` to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Packs/HelloWorld -z --keep-zip some/directory
```
This will zip the pack `HelloWorld` in `some/directory/uploadable_packs.zip` directory and will upload the zip file to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>
```
demisto-sdk upload -i path/to/HelloWorld.zip
```
This will upload the zipped pack `HelloWorld.zip` to the Cortex XSOAR instance.
<br/><br/>
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Integrations/GoogleCloudTranslate/integration-GoogleCloudTranslate.yml --insecure
```
This will upload the integration YML file `integration-GoogleCloudTranslate.yml` to the Cortex XSOAR instance, **without a certificate validation**.
<br/><br/>
```
demisto-sdk upload -i Integrations/GoogleCloudTranslate/integration-GoogleCloudTranslate.yml --verbose
```
This will upload the integration YML file `integration-GoogleCloudTranslate.yml` to the Cortex XSOAR instance and **print the response returned from the API**.
